# OPx
Project name: **Plataform OPx**

Description: Information system with unique Web and Mobile interface. Designed to synchronize the collaborative process of measuring peace and evaluating impact on peace building of the Peace and Coexistence Observatory Team of the Secretariat of Peace and Citizen Culture of the Municipality of Santiago de Cali.

This platform support the Urban Peace Index proposed by the OPC team for measuring the many peaces from a bottom-up perspective. The platform enables intiatives of data generated by citizens for defining what peace is and analizing peacebuilding interventions.

The platform design is structured by **components** and four different **user roles**. Web components are mainly for setting-up measuring projects. Mobile components are for implementing field works even in off-line conditions. Reports are strutured on the business model classes for measuring project before configuration, during implementation and after closing. Four reference applications were integrated for enabling the OPC team process of measuring what peace is.  

Table of Contents: 
1. Components
2. Classes (business model)
3. User roles
4. Reference applications
5. Tests


Components: Navegación, Contextualizacion, Sincronizacion Off-line

Classes: Contextos, Proyectos, Dimensiones, Instrumentos, Tareas, Equipos, Campañas, Convocatorias, Respuestas, Voluntarios, Conjuntos de datos, Metas, Cambios

User roles: Invitado, Voluntario, Validador y Proyectista

Reference applications: Kobotoolbox, HOT Tasking Manager, Humanitarian Data Exchange (HDX) and Jupyter Hub
